---
title:  "2019 Build Season Week 2"
published: true
author: "Brandon Lou"
tags: [blog, build-season]
---

### Computer Vision

- We met up with Ron, a new mentor this year, to discuss vision techniques and try out different cameras and lighting.
- We used the [Microsoft Lifecam HD-3000](https://www.microsoft.com/accessories/en-us/products/webcams/lifecam-hd-3000/t3h-00011), Canon DSLR, MacBook Pro Facetime HD Camera, and the iPhone XS Max camera.
- We used red LED rings, green LED rings, and the iPhone flash.
- Using the Ring security camera, IR did not work as well, but we will do further testing.

{% include image.html file="blog/flash-tape.jpg" caption="Shot using the iPhone XS Max with “Live Photo” and flash. The reflective tape is on a gray background (a laptop), similar to the color of the rocket on the game field." max-width="400" %}

{% include image.html file="blog/green-tape-far.JPG" caption="Shot using the iPhone XS Max with a green LED ring around the dual camera. As you can see, from across the classroom, reflective tape still shines bright green, a stark contrast from the background." max-width="400" %}

### Electrical

- We flashed new firmware on the RoboRio, Talon SRX’s, Victor SPX’s, and PDP using the new Phoenix Tuner software.
- PDP, Talon SRX’s, Victor SPX’s, VRM, PCM’s, and 6 Solenoid Manifold have all been mounted on the practice robot electronics board.
- We have yet to mount the RoboRio because of the lack of 4-40 screws. We are also planning on ordering more 8-32.

### Organization

- Switching to Agile software development has worked well this past week. Tasks were being moved to the 'In Progress' and 'Quality Assurance' columns.
- More students are involved and held accountable for their work.
- We will see in the coming weeks if this organization method holds.
